one way that you can encourage people to talk about suicide or thought
that they might be having is making sure that you've already foster
that kind of culture within your organization that they understand
it's okay to get help it's okay to talk to other people about these
thoughts that they're having because there are support networks out
there that they're not gonna be ostracized if they start bringing these
type of thoughts or ideas up and that there's a support network
for them and the only way to do that is by already lane that groundwork
down that Hey you know just because you're thinking this way that's
not uncommon there's a lot of people that have those type of thoughts
some people even go through an act on those thoughts but before
that actually happens know that it's okay for you to come and talk
to somebody about it and that we have the support network to get you
through that so you have to kind of lay that groundwork early on that
it's okay to talk about and to get help